Multiple lightsources (distant, point)
Gouraud shaded, linear texure mapping.
Hierarchical(, linked) objects
full 6-degrees of freedom.
Multiple object instancing.
3DS converter for objects and materials.
Specular highlights.
3D transformations with fixed point or float math.

Planned, or not finished yet:

. perspective texture mapping
- Optional z-buffer rendering.
- Animated textures
. Full transparency, including alpha maps for texture.
. Sprites and bitmaps.
- Spline interpolated motion
. SVGA support - VBE2
. Depth cueing, fogging.
. (2D and) 3D Clipping
. Multiple cameras that render into windows or textures.
  Fast shadows with shadow mapping.
. Phong and bump-mapping.
  Anti-aliasing, 2D effects like lens-flares and fire.

컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴

Full feature listing

     competely open architecture, with an intuitive and versatile API,
ideal for porting code
     programming surface and header files for Watcom C/C++ flat model,
Microsoft VC++
     simple yet powerful importing of custom file formats such as 3D
Studio and LightWave 3D
     efficient algorithms combined to uncompromising low-level
optimization
     accurate fixed point and floating point math with full 16x16
sub-pixel accuracy
     compact code, resulting in a run-time memory footprint under 200Kb
     performance tuned for the Pentium processor
     fully virtualized hardware device layer for hardware acceleration

     dual-texturing with two shading gradients to deliver an unlimited
amount of effects, from phong shading to reflective chrome
     surfaces
     8/15/16/24 and 32bit rendering modes for all (S)VGA resolutions
     perspective correct and affine interpolation with adjustable
precision
     full perspective correction for both texture and shading gradients
     alpha rendering and texture key-color masking
     texture mip-mapping for improved image quality and lower pixellation
     integrated material library management with load-time color
quantization
     hierachial, chunk based file format for versatile scene storage
     bitmap objects and 3D sprites
     multiple light sources with realistic illumination models
     lens flare, lens reflection, smoke and glow special effects
     full dynamic particle/emitter system with OOP callbacks
     easy mesh animation and morphing
     complete hierarchial manipulation for all objects including cameras
and light sources
     pre-emptive triangular clipping to make interfacing new rasterizer
code for both hardware and software simple and
     straightforward
     optional Z-buffering and polygon radix sort with 24 bits of depth
     image filtering and real-time post-processing
     stereoscopic 3D rendering for head-mounted displays such as the
iGlasses and VFX1
     native Glide 2.0 interface for 3Dfx Voodoo Graphics hardware 3D
accelerator
     native MSI95 interface for Matrox Mystique 2D and 3D accelerator
     interface to DirectX2.0 under Win95 and NT for maximal
Windows-performance
